Add OTLP span exporter (#787)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python: ext/opentelemetry-ext-otlpexporter/README.rst

> OTLP Exporter
> =============

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenTelemetry Collector Exporter
================================
```

|pypi|

.. |pypi| image:: https://badge.fury.io/py/opentelemetry-ext-otlpexporter.svg
   :target: https://pypi.org/project/opentelemetry-ext-otlpexporter/

> .. FIXME should this exporter export to OTCollector only or to anything that understands OTLP?

Reviewer: Safe to delete this line?

Author: Fixed

1.

> This library allows to export data  using OTLP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library allows to export data to the OpenTelemetry Collector using the OpenTelemetry Protocol.
```

Installation
------------

::

     pip install opentelemetry-ext-otlpexporter

References
----------

* `OpenTelemetry Collector Exporter <https://opentelemetry-python.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ext/otlpexporter/otlpexporter.html>`_
* `OpenTelemetry Collector <https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/>`_

> * `OpenTelemetry <https://opentelemetry.io/>`_

Reviewer: Would be good to add a link to the OTLP definition

Author: Fixed
